
**Last updated, June 2021**

Intro’s mission is to help every person achieve their career potential. We are building a global community where people express their authentic self, document their professional journeys and build meaningful relationships with others across the globe. The content that you contribute to Intro should be professionally relevant and meant to contribute to the Intro community in a constructive manner. Our Community Guidelines define a set of norms and common code of conduct for Intro; they provide guidance on what is and is not allowed to make a welcoming space for everyone.

At Intro, we prioritize safety, diversity, inclusion, and authenticity. We deeply value the global nature of our community, and we strive to take into account the breadth of cultural norms where we operate. Our Community Guidelines apply to everyone and to everything on Intro. As we scale our platform, we will use a mix of technology and manual moderation to ensure Intro can be a welcoming and safe environment for everyone.

We will remove any content; including video, audio, images, comments, and text that violates our Community Guidelines. Individuals are notified of our decisions and can appeal if they believe no violation has occurred. We will suspend or ban accounts and/or devices that are involved in severe or repeated violations; we will consider information available on other platforms and offline in these decisions. When warranted, we will report the accounts to relevant legal authorities.

These guidelines are in addition to our Terms & Conditions

**Safe & Inclusive**

We require every member to be civil and respectful as they engage on Intro. Violations to this aspect of our guidelines may be grounds for immediate termination of your account on Intro.

-   **Do not be hateful:** We don’t allow content that attacks, denigrates, intimidates, dehumanizes, incites or threatens hatred, violence, prejudicial or discriminatory action against individuals or groups because of their actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, caste, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disability status. Hate groups are not permitted on Intro. Do not use racial, religious, or other slurs that incite or promote hatred, or any other content intended to create division.
-   **Do not engage in unwanted advances:** We don’t allow unwanted expressions of attraction, desire, requests for a romantic relationship, marriage proposals, sexual advances or innuendo, or lewd remarks. Do not use Intro to pursue romantic connections, ask for romantic dates, or provide sexual commentary on someone’s appearance.
-   **Do not harass or bully:** We don’t allow bullying or harassment. This includes abusive language, revealing others’ personal or sensitive information (aka “doxing”), or inciting or engaging others to do any of the same.
-   **Do not threaten, incite, or promote violence:** We don’t allow threatening or inciting violence of any kind. We don’t allow individuals or groups that engage in or promote violence, property damage, or organized criminal activity. You may not use Intro to express support for such individuals or groups or to otherwise glorify violence.
-   **Do not share harmful or shocking material:** We don't allow content that is excessively gruesome or shocking. This includes content that is sadistic or gratuitously graphic, such as the depiction of severe physical violence. We don’t allow content or activities that promote, organize, depict, or facilitate criminal activity. We also don’t allow content depicting or promoting instructional weapon making, drug abuse, and threats of theft. Do not engage in or promote non-consensual sexually explicit content (e.g., revenge porn), escort services, prostitution, exploitation of children, or human trafficking. Do not share content or activities that promote or encourage suicide or any type of self-injury, including self-mutilation and eating disorders.
-   **Do not post terrorist content or promote terrorism:** We don’t allow any terrorist organizations or violent extremist groups on our platform. And we don’t allow any individuals who affiliate with such organizations or groups to promote their activities. Content that depicts terrorist activity, that is intended to recruit for terrorist organizations, or threatens, promotes, or supports terrorism in any manner is not tolerated

**Authentic & Real**

We require you to use your true identity on Intro, provide accurate information about yourself or your organization, and only share information that is real and authentic.

-   **Do not share false or misleading content:** Do not share content in a way that you know is, or think may be, misleading or inaccurate, including misinformation or disinformation. Do not share content to interfere with or improperly influence an election or another civic process. We may prevent you from posting content from sites that are known to produce or contain misinformation. Do not share content that directly contradicts guidance from leading global health organizations and public health authorities. Do not post content that denies a well-documented historical event such as the Holocaust or slavery. Do not share false content or information, including news stories, that present untrue facts or events as though they are true or likely true. Do not post “deepfake” images or videos of others or otherwise post content that has been manipulated to deceive. Do not share content or endorse someone or something in exchange for personal benefit (including personal or family relationships, monetary payment, free products or services, or other value), unless you have included a clear and conspicuous notice of the personal benefit you received.
-   **Do not create a fake profile or falsify information about yourself:** We don’t allow fake profiles or entities. Do not post misleading or deceptive information about yourself, your business, your qualifications, work experience, affiliations, or achievements. Do not use an image of someone else, or any other image that is not your likeness, for your profile photo. Do not associate yourself on Intro with a business or organization that you are not actually associated with. Do not use or attempt to use another person's Intro account or create a member profile for anyone other than yourself. And do not share your Intro account with anyone else.
-   **Do not engage in spam or scams**: We don’t allow untargeted, irrelevant, obviously unwanted, unauthorized, inappropriately commercial or promotional, or gratuitously repetitive messages or other similar content. Do not use Intro to sensationalize or capitalize on tragic events for commercial purposes. Please make the effort to create original, professional, relevant, and interesting content in order to gain popularity. Respond authentically to others’ content and don’t agree with others ahead of time to like or re-share each other’s content.

**Content**

We require content to be professionally relevant and on topic, such as sharing and gaining expertise; hiring and getting hired; teaching and acquiring new skills; and engaging in actions that allow you and others to be more productive and successful.

-   Do not share content containing sexually explicit material or language (some adult content may be allowed if the intent is clearly educational, medical, scientific, or artistic, and it’s not gratuitously graphic).
-   Do not interact with others or share content in a way that’s irrelevant, inappropriate, disrespectful, or otherwise inflammatory.
-   Do not share get quick rich schemes, pyramid/MLM jobs, phishing schemes, or any other scams.

**Third party rights & applicable laws**

-   Before sharing or using someone else's copyrighted works, trademarks, private information, or trade secrets, make sure you have the legal right to do so. Intro should not be used for illegal activities, promoting illegal products, or violating the rights of others. Don't use it to commit fraud or to try to trick others, or to intentionally distribute viruses, worms, or other software that can destroy or interrupt others' data or computer devices.
-   **Respect others' privacy:** You may not solicit email addresses or other personal information from Intro members you don't know without authorization; use, disclose or distribute on Intro any data obtained in violation of any of our policies or agreements; disclose information that you don’t have the right to disclose (such as personal or confidential information of others, including your employer); or post or distribute content depicting children without the necessary consent from their legal guardian or parent. Don’t use others' names, likenesses, or photos to suggest an endorsement of a product, service, or investment without their prior consent.
-   **Comply with the law:** You must comply with all applicable laws, including, for example, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements. Do not use Intro to create or operate a pyramid or MLM scheme, engage in fraud, or to sell or promote illegal products, including drugs.
-   **Respect the intellectual property of others and do not violate the intellectual property rights of others:** We respect the intellectual property rights of others. Do not violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights.